packages/visual-reporter/README.md, before:

# Visual Reporter

## Background

The `@wdio/visual-service` has a reporting output since [v5.2.0](https://github.com/webdriverio/visual-testing/releases/tag/%40wdio%2Fvisual-service%405.2.0) which will output the diffs into a large JSON file. This project is a sample of what people could do with the output.

To make use of this utility, you need to have the 'output.json' file generated by the Visual Testing service. This file is only generated when you have the following in your configuration:

```ts
export const config = {
    // ...
    services: [
        [
            // Also installed as a dependency
            "visual",
            {
                createJsonReportFiles: true,
            },
        ],
    ],
    },
}
```

For more information, please refer to the WebdriverIO Visual Testing [documentation](https://webdriver.io/docs/visual-testing).

## Demo

You can find a demo of the WebdriverIO Visual Testing Reporter on [GitHub Pages](https://webdriverio.github.io/visual-testing/)

## Installation

The easiest way is to keep `@wdio/visual-reporter` as a dev-dependency in your `package.json`, via:

```sh
npm install @wdio/visual-reporter --save-dev
```

## Usage

To build the report you can call the CLI or use prompts to answer all questions

### CLI

You can call `npx wdio-visual-reporter` with the following arguments

#### `--jsonOutput`

**Mandatory:** true

The path to the `output.json` file that is generated after each run with the Visual Testing module.

#### `--reportFolder`

**Mandatory:** true

The folder where you want to store the report that is generated by this module

#### `--logLevel`

**Mandatory:** false
**Possible values:** `debug`

This will generate extra logs when errors happen

#### Example usage

```sh
npx wdio-visual-reporter --jsonOutput=/Users/wdio/visual-testing/.tmp/actual/output.json --reportFolder=/Users/wdio/visual-testing/.tmp/ --logLevel=debug
```

This will generate the following logs

```logs
npx wdio-visual-reporter --jsonOutput=/Users/wdio/visual-testing/.tmp/actual/output.json --reportFolder=/Users/wdio/visual-testing/.tmp/ --logLevel=debug
✔ Build output copied successfully to "/Users/wdio/visual-testing/.tmp/report".
⠋ Prepare report assets...

> @wdio/visual-reporter@0.4.0 script:prepare.report
> node ./dist/prepareReportAssets.js

✔ Successfully generated the report assets.
```

### Prompts

Open a terminal, enter `npx wdio-visual-reporter` and answer all the questions

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9cd2d0ce-bb19-4c5f-89c5-ea2f01d68fa1

### The Visual Reporter

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9cdfec36-e1ff-4b48-a842-23f3f7d5768e

> [!NOTE]
> Created with a [Remix](https://remix.run/) project .

Commit message:

fix: fix deploying to GH Pages (#876)

packages/visual-reporter/README.md, after:

# Visual Reporter

## Background

The `@wdio/visual-service` has a reporting output since [v5.2.0](https://github.com/webdriverio/visual-testing/releases/tag/%40wdio%2Fvisual-service%405.2.0) which will output the diffs into a large JSON file. This project is a sample of what people could do with the output.

To make use of this utility, you need to have the 'output.json' file generated by the Visual Testing service. This file is only generated when you have the following in your configuration:

```ts
export const config = {
    // ...
    services: [
        [
            // Also installed as a dependency
            "visual",
            {
                createJsonReportFiles: true,
            },
        ],
    ],
    },
}
```

For more information, please refer to the WebdriverIO Visual Testing [documentation](https://webdriver.io/docs/visual-testing).

## Demo

You can find a demo of the WebdriverIO Visual Testing Reporter on [GitHub Pages](https://webdriverio.github.io/visual-testing/)

## Installation

The easiest way is to keep `@wdio/visual-reporter` as a dev-dependency in your `package.json`, via:

```sh
npm install @wdio/visual-reporter --save-dev
```

## Usage

To build the report you can call the CLI or use prompts to answer all questions

### CLI

You can call `npx wdio-visual-reporter` with the following arguments

#### `--jsonOutput`

**Mandatory:** true

The path to the `output.json` file that is generated after each run with the Visual Testing module.

#### `--reportFolder`

**Mandatory:** true

The folder where you want to store the report that is generated by this module

#### `--logLevel`

**Mandatory:** false
**Possible values:** `debug`

This will generate extra logs when errors happen

#### Example usage

```sh
npx wdio-visual-reporter --jsonOutput=/Users/wdio/visual-testing/.tmp/actual/output.json --reportFolder=/Users/wdio/visual-testing/.tmp/ --logLevel=debug
```

This will generate the following logs

```logs
npx wdio-visual-reporter --jsonOutput=/Users/wdio/visual-testing/.tmp/actual/output.json --reportFolder=/Users/wdio/visual-testing/.tmp/ --logLevel=debug
✔ Build output copied successfully to "/Users/wdio/visual-testing/.tmp/report".
⠋ Prepare report assets...

> @wdio/visual-reporter@0.4.0 script:prepare.report
> node ./dist/prepareReportAssets.js

✔ Successfully generated the report assets.
```

### Prompts

Open a terminal, enter `npx wdio-visual-reporter` and answer all the questions

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9cd2d0ce-bb19-4c5f-89c5-ea2f01d68fa1

### Deploy to GitHub Pages

You can find a workflow [here](../../.github/workflows/deploy-visual-reporter.yml). Make sure you change the `GITHUB_PAGES` variable to the path of your reporter


### The Visual Reporter

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9cdfec36-e1ff-4b48-a842-23f3f7d5768e

> [!NOTE]
> Created with a [Remix](https://remix.run/) project .
